* Geometry
  - Concept 
    * Convex Set

    * Affine Set
      - Define  
        Affine Set is a set such that the lines drawn by any two points in the set are still in the set.  

      $$\forall \boldsymbol x_i \in C, θ_i \in R, \sum θ_i = 1 \quad \text{, then}\quad \sum θ_i x_i \in C$$

    * Affine Hull
      - Define  
        $$\text{aff}(C) = \left\{\sum θ_i x_i\ |\ x_i\in C,theta_i \in R, \sum θ_i = 1  \right\}$$
        Affine Hull is a set such that affine combinations of all points in the set constitutes an affine hull.

    * Cone
      - Define  
        $$\forall \boldsymbol x \in C, θ > 0, \quad \text{, then}\quad θ \boldsymbol x \in C$$
        以零点为起点的射线的集合.

      - Include
        * Convex Cone
          - Define  
            $$\forall \boldsymbol x_1, \boldsymbol x_2 \in C, θ_1,θ_2 ≥ 0 \quad \text{, then}\quad θ_1 \boldsymbol x_1 + θ_2 \boldsymbol x_2 \in C$$

    * Polygon
      - Define
      - Problem: polygon triangulation
        - Algorithm
          * Ear Clipping Triangulation 

          - Triangulation of convex polygon

            $$S_{\Delta} = \{(i, i + k, i + 2k) \ |\ k = 1 : ceil(\frac{N_{edge}}{3}), i = 0 : 2k : N_{edge} - 2k\}$$
            where $k$ is the order number of iteration.

    * Sphere & Spherical Surface

    * Rotator
      - Define  
        Rotator is a type of set generated by a other set through the rotation operations with a given rotation axis $\boldsymbol a$.
        $$\text{rotate}(s_1, \boldsymbol a, \theta_{1}, \theta_{2}) \subseteq s$$
    * Translator

    * Fractal

    * Voronoi Diagram
      - Define  
        $$R_k = \{x \ |\ x  \in X, d(x, P_k) \le d(x, P_j), \forall P_j \in P, P_j \neq P_k\}  \tag{Voronoi region}$$ 
        For a metric space with distance function $d$ and a point set $P$, The Voronoi region $R_k$ associated with the point $P_k$ is the set of all point in $X$ whose distance to $P_k$ is not greater than their distance to the other point $P_j, j \neq k$.

  - Property
    * Genus
      - Define  
        Genus of a non-empty connected surface is defined as the maximum number of non-intersecting simple closed curves that can be drawn on the surface without dividing it into two disconnected pieces. The genus is a topological invariant that characterizes its "number of holes". 

        Genus $g$ can be defined in terms of the Euler characteristic $\chi$, where $b$ is the number of boundary components.

        $$g = \frac{2 - \chi - b}{2}  \tag{Genus}$$

    * Euler Characteristic
      - Define  
        Euler Characteristic is a topological invariant and defined as an alternating sum of the ranks of the homology groups of the space.

        In a polyhedra, the Euler characteristic was classically defined for surfaces of polyhedra with the numbers of vertices $V$ (corners), edges $E$ and faces $F$. Any convex polyhedron's surface has Euler characteristic $\chi = 2$.
        $$\chi = V - E + F  \tag{Euler Characteristic}$$

  - Problem
    * Intersection Problem

    * Marching Cubes
    * Delaunay Triangulation
      - Define   
        Delaunay Triangulation is a triangulation method which the circumscribed circle of each triangle does not contain any point.
      - Process
        - Initial, select an initial triangle that encloses all of the input points.
        - For each remaining point, find the triangle that contains it using a point location data structure such as a quadtree or a k-d tree.
        - Create a new triangle connecting the new point to the vertices of the containing triangle.
        - Flip any edges that violate the Delaunay property (i.e., any edges whose endpoints do not form the circumcircle of any triangle in the current triangulation).
        - Repeat steps 2-4 for all remaining points.

    - Problem: Integerization of geometric set
      * Bresenham Algorithm::Line
      * Bresenham Algorithm::Circle